User story/ gameplay:
1: Describe the gameplay. Two player battle to the death by hitting a ball back and forth with two virtual paddles.
2:What are the conditions when the game begins.
The game will begin with the paddles starting on oppisit sides one will be placed close to 0,0 and the other close to the max board with and hight (450,450ish).
the score will be set to 0 for both sides. The ball will choose a random direction to go in (diagonal-left,diagonal or right).
the width of the paddles will be 30px by 120px, the ball will be 25px rounded.
3:Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends.
Yes it ends. The conditions for the end will be when the ball goes off screen on the apposing side of one of the players (11 points).
4:What ifs will there be.
there will be many. ifs for collision, for collision, and possibly movemnt.

Visual Game Components:
1: What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
we will have the board, the paddles, the ball, and the score.
 the board and score will be static, but the paddles and the ball will be animated.
2:What data will you need to manage each game component?
the position of the two paddles, the position of the ball, the speed of the ball, and possibly the speed of the paddles. Also the score of the game too.

Events /addle is moved up and when the s key is pressed the player1 paddle will be moved down.
 when the ball colides with a padd Logic:
1: What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
 when the up arrow is pressed the player2 paddle will move up, when the down arrow is pressed the player2 paddle will move down.
 when the game starts a timer will take the place of the score and count doen the match, when that is done the score will be displaied.
 when the w key is pressed the player1 ple the velocity of the ball will be reverced.
 when the ball moves out of bounds the round will end and a new round will start, and the paddles will be reset.
 when the score for one of the players reaches 11 then the game ends.
 when the game ends the score is reset and the paddles do back to normal.